hey Lois stuck here again fitter first I
want to point out who the next poster
called ball Safety's exercise ball
safety do's and don'ts for ball use and
the most important thing is the ball
should be the right size for your body
to get above your knees the ball should
be deeded
you should know how old it is it should
be good condition we talk all the safety
factors and the reality is using
commercially it should probably be
replaced every 12 months the liability
reasons you don't need to run balls or
and I'm know one length of time for
example until they plop it's a bad
policy we want you to be smart and be on
the ball so free poster online you can
download it for the first or you can
contact us we'll send the 11 million
copies I'm currently sitting on a very
old order of all-pro this is back in the
day when we had no serial numbers of the
balls they had no inflation date sticker
we just balls are made because no one
knew about how to do it safely so I'm
hesitating those stick this scissors
into this ball and see it happens as
hoping to fight safely
it's an old ball it started being safety
at the beginning but we saw it happen
it's so old it's been compromised its
material is over 10 years old it was on
display on our showroom just up on a
long-term display there's an excellent
reason that you need to not use old
balls ongoingly if they get punctured
they'll be compromised so make sure you
know how old the balls are date them
when you inflate them and make sure
they're a high quality ball that you can
trust one more durable I'm not gonna pop
this one just now what explain something
it's an 85 this is far too big for me
and my legs I'm a way to light ball so I
want to make sure you get sizing balls
for people we get the right size this is
an unknown brand shipped us
sample to us from a manufacturer
synthesis as good as a gerbil let's see
how bad
not much air coming out of that and I
was great for fall I would have to call
that is that this basic task a pretty
good result now about one more I'm gonna
test here it says Made in the u.s. it's
very furry to me it's a foam ball it's
not as round as I'd like it to be it's
kind of egg shaped sometimes you see
that being shaped in balls but it's
always kind of nerve-racking they're a
bit egg-shaped and this one is 6 to 5
still 265 it's just rock hard I don't
know they don't want to sit on this ball
all day long but with some fearing gun
popping well hey I'm not very impressed
not interesting that product so folks
use new balls that you know the history
of that a burst resistant that are
fairly firm that don't give you that
kind of results it's just not worth it
because you're probably not sitting on a
1n generics mat every single day I'm
doing this but I'll experiment and to
help our customers realize that ball
Safety's priority is priority and we
need to be very aware that mold balls
around places homes facilities clinics
hospitals need to be recycled and
returned or replaced and bring new ones
in and date them when you get them so
you know what they they're inflated and
you have a good strategy
Louis stack fit at first thanks for
joining me
it's been a nice ball